docs: forward-facing over backward-facing comment rule + review sweep (#2586)
paranext/paranext-core: .claude/agents/pr-reviewer-clarity.md

- Unreachable code after return/throw
- **Dead code = warning**

#### Backward-Facing Comments
- Comments that only record how the code reached its current state — ticket/PR IDs for work done *in this PR* (`PT-4214`, `PR #2561`), review-finding IDs like `(review C61-2)`, stage/epic tags (`Stage U`, `Phase 3`), dated dev notes (`found live in E2E 2026-07-16`)
- Apply the strip-the-PR-context test from [forward-facing-comments.md](../rules/code-quality/forward-facing-comments.md): if the comment only helps someone who saw this PR, it's backward-facing

> - An open `TODO(PT-XXXX)` or a non-inlinable deep link (e.g. `PT-2196?focusedCommentId=...`) points *forward* — do NOT flag it

Reviewer: The two named forms read as an exhaustive whitelist, so a bare forward-facing rationale like `// PT-2196: the API rejects empty ranges on purpose` (not a TODO, not a deep link) would be wrongly flagged. `forward-facing-comments.md` (lines 40-41) makes "points forward" the test, not the presence of an ID. Anchor to that test and add the constraint/rationale case:

```suggestion
- A `PT-XXXX` that points *forward* is fine — an open `TODO(PT-XXXX)`, a constraint/rationale it documents, or a non-inlinable deep link (`PT-2196?focusedCommentId=...`). The test is whether it survives the merge, not the presence of an ID — do NOT flag these
```

Author: Done Applied verbatim in 2cc2f43. Good catch on the whitelist reading — the line now anchors to the "survives the merge" test and covers the constraint/rationale case, so a bare `// PT-2196: the API rejects empty ranges on purpose` no longer trips it.
<!-- Reviewable comment -P-KZ_qRDvHmlTUEvXSO:by1q6mv -->
<!-- Sent from Reviewable.io -->

- When backward-facing comments are pervasive across the diff, emit **one PR-level finding** (no `line`), not one per site
- **Backward-facing comment = warning**

#### Leftover TODOs/FIXMEs

> - `TODO` or `FIXME` comments that should be resolved or tracked as issues

Reviewer: This check still flags every unresolved TODO, which contradicts the new Backward-Facing carve-out that protects `TODO(PT-XXXX)` — the same `TODO(PT-1234): remove workaround once upstream fixed` is exempt above but flaggable here. Scope this to untracked TODOs so the two checks can't both fire on one comment:

```suggestion
- Bare `TODO`/`FIXME` with no tracked issue — a `TODO(PT-XXXX)` tied to an open ticket is already tracked; leave it (see Backward-Facing Comments)
```

Author: Done Applied verbatim in 2cc2f43. The contradiction was real — the two checks sat four lines apart and disagreed on the same `TODO(PT-XXXX)`. Leftover-TODO is now scoped to untracked ones with a pointer back to the Backward-Facing check.
<!-- Reviewable comment -P-KZcIf3rSFnqN4sS7z:bjgnvxl -->
<!-- Sent from Reviewable.io -->
